README.md, before:

# SPOExtension

This extension replaces google chrome's new tab page to look something like this  
  
![alt text](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pw/AL9nZEVG6Yb0MWKLMhJ4pXfgULI9s_fKBdYZUmtCo1taF_n67NHFidjaEoFCatmEQSV706H05A7D8VRePM2YKvGsUbTevlMs2np8ogYW2OG-rgPuer1C-i1mhHnbEuOkrOH3wJojV-12WMdpxRZuzUvVnxWb=w1600-h753-no?authuser=0 "Dark Mode")
  
Or, if you prefer light mode  
![alt text](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pw/AL9nZEV7dt98yuK3jXkczHwesOEa37g9QdhHwa69QQiXruVZ64MUkB-Uls7xRv3N1-QeZ5khjsJ9pJlGBzEgetp0fg9YBkVqYsAxVvWdFtTpONHW9QOspBBHYMqa2TQn9NfeNckU_AHXaSIyffkYTm-KT1oH=w1600-h750-no?authuser=0 "Light Mode")
  
This extension includes a greeting, a search box, 6 customizable shortcuts, and a simple notepad to jot down thoughts in.  
  
  
# Get it
To download this extension, go to code -> Download ZIP.  
![alt text](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pw/AL9nZEXlW4sMZ5_9mXRDmTWQvw19yzNIQ-BvknZ9tVgcv0w1Z1GxrmcY5r1UFcwCyVxRxeJGw3MuTyrBqhU8RKNnPDAcYCgKnb-mjUs0Qv_vu0u79NoajgRqBTjuy5waRw3C0sEcqbyNi7wXmLnn0ZNR9qRZ=w490-h336-no?authuser=0 "Download ZIP")
  
Unzip the folder, and go to **chrome://extensions/**. Turn on developer mode, and load it as an unpacked extension.  

 
  
To edit the shortcuts, click on the extension icon in the extensions bar, and select "Customize Shortcuts"

Commit message:

Updated for all of chromium

README.md, after:

# SPOExtension

This extension replaces chromium browswr's new tab page to look something like this  
  
![alt text](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pw/AL9nZEVG6Yb0MWKLMhJ4pXfgULI9s_fKBdYZUmtCo1taF_n67NHFidjaEoFCatmEQSV706H05A7D8VRePM2YKvGsUbTevlMs2np8ogYW2OG-rgPuer1C-i1mhHnbEuOkrOH3wJojV-12WMdpxRZuzUvVnxWb=w1600-h753-no?authuser=0 "Dark Mode")
  
Or, if you prefer light mode  
![alt text](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pw/AL9nZEV7dt98yuK3jXkczHwesOEa37g9QdhHwa69QQiXruVZ64MUkB-Uls7xRv3N1-QeZ5khjsJ9pJlGBzEgetp0fg9YBkVqYsAxVvWdFtTpONHW9QOspBBHYMqa2TQn9NfeNckU_AHXaSIyffkYTm-KT1oH=w1600-h750-no?authuser=0 "Light Mode")
  
This extension includes a greeting, a search box, 6 customizable shortcuts, and a simple notepad to jot down thoughts in.  
  
  
# Get it
To download this extension, go to code -> Download ZIP.  
![alt text](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pw/AL9nZEXlW4sMZ5_9mXRDmTWQvw19yzNIQ-BvknZ9tVgcv0w1Z1GxrmcY5r1UFcwCyVxRxeJGw3MuTyrBqhU8RKNnPDAcYCgKnb-mjUs0Qv_vu0u79NoajgRqBTjuy5waRw3C0sEcqbyNi7wXmLnn0ZNR9qRZ=w490-h336-no?authuser=0 "Download ZIP")
  
Unzip the folder, and go to your browser's extension page. Toggle on developer mode, and load the unzipped folder as an unpacked extension.  

 
  
To edit the shortcuts, click on the extension icon in the extensions bar, and select "Customize Shortcuts"
